Okay. Start recording? Yeah.
fifth
It's shorter.
Okay, so we're going to talk about travel. Okay.
Tell me, where, where's your next travel destination?
Is that the, is that the wedding you were talking about? Or the engagement?
In April.
Oh.
Oh, really? Oh my gosh.
January, not too much.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah. Oh my gosh!
Wow!
Yeah. Right, right. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
40th? Oh my.
Wow! Right. Right.
Really? Sure, sure.
mmm-hmm
Sure, sure, sure.
Hmm. right. right.
Oh my gosh.
So I guess when, when you're being chosen, you're really kind of...
don't you say anything extreme?
loosen up
Oh, wait...
Uh-huh.
Sure, sure, sure.
Sure, sure.
Aright. Uh-huh. Nice, nice.
Uh-huh.
Sure, sure, sure.
Okay.
mmm-hmm
Yeah. Like the last week of, of February.
How long is that?
Oh, okay.
Stunning.
Hmmm. Where and which, which part of China?
Chongqing. Is it like more inland or is it like along the...
Oh, okay.
Namsan.
Yeah.
mmm-hmm. mmm-hmm.
Wow, that's so cool. Well, I can't wait to see your picture.
Oh, nice! Really?
Really? Okay. So it's called what?
Chongqing?
Uh, Chongqing. Okay. I'll check that out.
So cool!
mmh
Oh.
Wow! And... Wow. I never heard.
Yeah. Really.
Hong Kong has pretty view. It's so tiny.
But I think it's really photogenic. It's really beautiful.
beautiful places. You should take pictures of it. Yeah.
mmm-hmm
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. My friend grew up there. So I went to
um... and actually I go there like
once. I was only there like one and a half days but i felt like i saw the whole place.
to think that point. I mean, but you know, I had a neighbor
I choose, so very...
picture. You know I get to elevator.
places and like upstairs and there was like a view and
Yeah. It's so beautiful. It's beautiful. Yeah.
mmm-hmm. Point to point. Yeah. That is good.
No. Two months ago. Two months ago. My friends visit.
Oops, sorry. So yeah, it was really, really great.
Um I've never been to like Mainland though. In China.
Yeah.
In China? Oh.